Deprecate MASTG-TOOL-0046 (Cycript), MASTG-TOOL-0047 (Cydia), MASTG-TOOL-0023 (RootCloak) and Add MASTG-TOOL-0142 (Choicy), MASTG-TOOL-0141 (IOSSecuritySuite), MASTG-TOOL-0139 (ElleKit), MASTG-TOOL-0138 (ipainstaller), MASTG-TOOL-0137 (GlobalWebInspect), MASTG-TOOL-0140 (frida-multiple-unpinning) (#3354)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0139.md

---
title: Attach to WKWebView
platform: macOS
---

> After installing @MASTG-TOOL-0137 on a jailbroken device, it is possible to attach the Safari developer tools to WKWebViews inside of applications installed from the App Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing @MASTG-TOOL-0137 on a jailbroken device, it is possible to attach the Safari developer tools to any `WKWebView` inside of applications installed from the App Store.
```

To activate the web inspection, follow these steps:

> 1. On the iOS device open the Settings app: Go to **Safari -> Advanced** and toggle on _Web Inspector_.
> 2. On the macOS device, open Safari: in the menu bar, go to **Safari -> Preferences -> Advanced** and enable _Show Develop menu in menu bar_.

Reviewer: https://mas.owasp.org/contributing/5_Style_Guide/#navigation

```suggestion
1. On the iOS device open the Settings app: Go to **Safari** -> **Advanced** and toggle on _Web Inspector_.
2. On the macOS device, open Safari: in the menu bar, go to **Safari** -> **Preferences** -> **Advanced** and enable _Show Develop menu in menu bar_.
```

> 3. Connect your iOS device to the macOS device and unlock it: the iOS device name should appear in the _Develop_ menu.
> 4. (If not yet trusted) On macOS's Safari, go to the _Develop_ menu, click on the iOS device name, then on "Use for Development" and enable trust.
> 
> To open the web inspector and debug a WebView:
> 
> 1. In iOS, open the app and navigate to any screen containing a WebView.
> 2. In macOS Safari, go to **Developer -> 'iOS Device Name'** and you should see the name of the WebView-based context. Click on it to open the Web Inspector.
> 
> Now you're able to debug the WebView as you would with a regular web page on your desktop browser.
> 
> <img src="Images/Tools/TOOL-0137-safari-dev.png" width="400px"/>
> 
> If everything is set up correctly, you can attach to `WKWebViews` with Safari:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Connect your iOS device to the macOS device and unlock it: the iOS device name should appear in the **Develop** menu.
4. (If not yet trusted) On macOS's Safari, go to the **Develop** menu, click on the **'iOS device name'** -> **Use for Development** and enable trust.

To open the web inspector and debug a `WKWebView`:

1. In iOS, open the app and navigate to any screen containing a `WKWebView`.
2. In macOS Safari, go to **Developer** -> **'iOS Device Name'** and you should see the name of the WebView-based context. Click on it to open the Web Inspector.

Now you're able to debug the `WKWebView` as you would with a regular web page on your desktop browser.

<img src="Images/Tools/TOOL-0137-safari-dev.png" width="400px"/>

If everything is set up correctly, you can attach to any `WKWebView` with Safari:
```
